{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red219\green223\blue228;\red28\green29\blue30;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c88627\c89804\c91373;\cssrgb\c14510\c15294\c15686;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Let's start with this.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Born from New Haven flame, fueled by 3 generations of dough-slinging grit. We roll up, fire it hot, and serve bold wood-fired pies across CT\'97salad cups crisp, desserts craveable. Rollin Dough: we don\'92t just bring the party\'97we are the party.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
Toppings\
Meatball\
Mushrooms\
Onions\
Peperoni\
Roasted red peppers\
broccoli\
spinach\
clams\
shrimp\
eggplant\
Sausage\'a0\
ricotta\
garlic\
basil\
Chicken\
pineapple\
sliced tomato\
bacon\
fresh mozz\
\
SPECIALS\
Buffalo Chicken\
BBQ Chicken\
Chicken Bacon Ranch\
Marg -\'a0 White Fresh Tom\
The Marco - White with bacon, ricotta and honey\
The Mondo - White with Roasted peppers, fresh mozz, ricotta and garlic\
Creamy vodka Chicken - Vodka sauce base with grilled chicken and fresh mozz\
hawaiian\'a0\
Mashed Potato - made with a mozz and cheddar\'a0blend, bacon and or broccoli (White)\
Clams Casino - Clams, roasted peppers, bacon and garlic (White)\
Spaghetti and Meatballs\
\
Pricing\
0-50 people $1400\'a0\
50-75 people $1700\
75-100 people $2000\
\
Price includes 2 salads to start. Caesar and Mixed Greens.\
All the pizza you can eat\
Choice of Gelato, Italian Ice, or Cannoli for dessert .\
Tax included in pricing.\'a0\
\
Gluten free options too\
\
Let me know if you see anything that I might have missed with toppings.\'a0\
Also any ideas of what else to do with the site would be appreciative. Thank you sir. LMK what you think.\
}